---
title: "README.md"
author: "Nathan Pakianathan"
date: "May 17, 2017"
output: html_document
---
## Readme for Getting and Cleaning Data

#### Project Requirements

The codebook is for the datafile tidydata.txt created as part of the course requirement for Getting and Cleaning Data Week 4 Project.

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. The goal is to prepare tidy data that can be used for later analysis. You will be graded by your peers on a series of yes/no questions related to the project. You will be required to submit: 1) a tidy data set as described below, 2) a link to a Github repository with your script for performing the analysis, and 3) a code book that describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that you performed to clean up the data called CodeBook.md. You should also include a README.md in the repo with your scripts. This repo explains how all of the scripts work and how they are connected.

### Additional project requirements include:

Submit a link to a GitHub repository with the code for performing your analysis. The code should have a file run_analysis.R in the main directory that can be run as long as the Samsung data is in the working directory
The output of the run_analysis.R script should be the tidy data set submitted in fulfillment of requirement #5 listed above
Include a README.md file in the repository describing how the script works
Include a code book describing the variables in the tidy data set generated by run_analysis.R


### Data tidying up

1. Read data from URL given 
1. Merge rows and columns to make one data set
1. Eliminate columns that doesn't have std or mean.
1. Label all variables with descriptive names
1. Create a tidydata set
1. Write an output file


